dm: add a note about DM to `sql_require_primary_key` (#15993)
pingcap/docs: dm/task-configuration-file-full.md

    sql_mode: "ANSI_QUOTES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE" # Since DM v2.0.0, if this item does not appear in the configuration file, DM automatically fetches a proper value for "sql_mode" from the downstream TiDB. Manual configuration of this item has a higher priority.
    tidb_skip_utf8_check: 1                     # Since DM v2.0.0, if this item does not appear in the configuration file, DM automatically fetches a proper value for "tidb_skip_utf8_check" from the downstream TiDB. Manual configuration of this item has a higher priority.
    tidb_constraint_check_in_place: 0

>     sql_require_primary_key: OFF                #  During the creation of a DM task, several metadata tables are created in TiDB, some of which have no primary key. If this parameter is enabled, these metadata tables without primary keys cannot be created. Therefore, you need to set this parameter to `OFF` from the session level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sql_require_primary_key: OFF                # During the creation of a DM task, several metadata tables are created in TiDB. Some metadata tables have no primary key. If this parameter is enabled, these metadata tables without primary keys cannot be created. Therefore, you need to set this parameter to `OFF` from the session level.
```

>     sql_require_primary_key: OFF                # During the creation of a DM task, several metadata tables are created in TiDB. Some metadata tables have no primary key. If this parameter is enabled, these metadata tables without primary keys cannot be created. Therefore, you need to set this parameter to `OFF` from the session level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sql_require_primary_key: OFF                # Controls whether a table must have a primary key at the session level. During the creation of a DM task, several metadata tables are created in TiDB. Some metadata tables have no primary key. If this parameter is enabled, these metadata tables without primary keys cannot be created, which will cause DM to fail to create tasks. In this case, you need to set this parameter to `OFF`.
```
